Hiro's father is unfortunately some new
evil has popped up way back in the first
place we so darned if we don't have to
start all over
right we're sorry kids we really do miss
you very much we miss you too
as soon as we defeated all the evil in
the world never coming back
yes Dave and Kenley are upset but Fang
is inconsolable there there honey
they'll be hope someday
meanwhile in the mountains of doom a
discovery is made by the Dark Lord
Jubei legend has it that the skull is a
source of tremendous power and they can
give you rock-hard abs in only three
minutes a day wait a second I know that
smell it's the infamous Melanie John de
fromage whoever touches the skull first
will be turned to solid cheese well
that's what evil lackeys are for oh
that's the things I get for giving them
full dental coverage
give me a break I've had a hard day what
do you have to complain about I'm stuck
in this tacky frame and look at me on
this new face I don't even have a neck
what if I want to wear a scarf man just
answer my question yeah alright be house
are those Richard damn yeah into
Thornton next mirror return how can I
possibly convince them to I was getting
to it
behold again we all miss mom and dad
don't come back some day next day our
heroes are trying everything to chief
hang up I'll Fang I wrote you a pleasing
song of joy I had a dream about some
shrieking rats
with red-hot pokers and big party hats
they didn't listen to my cries and your
harsh criticism moves me
okay Fang I have something you're really
going to like compared to that song a
root canal would be a treat I have
created your own purchase flippy doodle
the doers candy and uncle oz which will
provide music and sound effects ready we
now present tea adventures